Jackie Yee
Project 1
CSCI 335
For this programming assignment, I created and tested a class called Points2D. For this class, I must allow the user to input a sequence of two points such as (1, 3), (4, 5) for both integers and double/decimal values. In addition, the user inputted sequence of points should be able to add to another and print the total as a single coordinate. I am required to ultilize Weiss' "big five," the destructor, copy constructor, copy assignment operator, move constructor and move assignment operator. I will be modifying the included points2d.h file and test it using test_points2d.cc.
In part 1 of the assignment, I implemented the zero parameter constructor, 1 parameter constructor, the "big five" and the stream insertion and extraction operators. 
For the zero parameter constructor, I set the size_ to 0. For the 1 parameter constructor, I set the size_ to 1 and sequence to a new array with two Objects.
For the copy constructor, I set the sequence and size to the lvalue of Points &rhs and copied the rhs.sequence onto the sequence. In the copy assignment, I initialized the rhs to a Points2D object called copy. In the move constructor, I gave ownership of rhs.sequence and rhs.size to sequence and size respectively and set the rhs members to 0 and nullptr to avoid allocating memory. For move assignment, I exchanged ownership of rhs and the private member variables with the r values. For the deconstructor, I deleted the memory allocated to sequence.
To overload the << operator, I used a for loop to iterate through some points and print out the sequence. To overload the >> operator, I declared temporary values for the numPoints and the coordinates (x,y). If the coordinates are successfully stored in some points then nothing is done. Else it will abort. I then assigned the sequence of some points to the x and y coord respectively and return in when completed for other values.
In part 2 of the assignment, I overloaded the + and [] operator.
To overload the + operator, I created a Points2D object called total, and through for loops that iterate the size of c1 and c2 and adds the total.sequence of the x and y coordinates and returned the sum. To overload the [] operator, the function takes an int and returns the coordinates, but if it is negative it will abort instead.
In beginning, I had trouble with using the makefile and executing the test_point2d. The big five constructors were also hard for me to grasp at first, but it graduallly made sense as I worked my way through it. Overloading the operators as well felt unfamiliar because I am unfamiliar with using the instream, so it presented a challenge.